☯️ Add unsupported network paragraph (#723)
TrueFiEng/useDApp: packages/docs/docs/02-Guides/01-Connecting/07-Handling Errors.mdx

    activateBrowserWallet()
  }
```

## Connect to unsupported chain

If supported chains are set, you will get `unsupported chain error` or `missing multichain error` from `const {error} = useEthers()`.

> If chainId of custom chain is not added to all chains you will get undefined for all calls and no error will be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure that your custom chainId is added to the list of all chains. If not you will get undefined for all calls and no error will be shown.
```
